# CS202_A2: Software Tools and Techniques Assessment 2
Code submissions for the second assessment in the course CS202: Software Tools and Techniques

### There are three folder in this repo, each containing all the codes I used to perform the lab activities, and some of the generated files.

# Lab 5:
Contains the coverage report generated after executing the given suite, and the visualisations I generated after parsing the coverage data.

# Lab 6:
Contains the Python script I used to automate the run of parallel test in various configurations (each was to be run 3 times and the average execution time was to be recorded). The script stores the data in text files, which are also present in the folder. Both sequential and parallel run execution time data is present in accordingly named text files. It also contains a Python script for generating visualisations based on the results of these runs.

# Lab 7 and 8:
There are three sub-folders containing the bandit reports (generated by running the PowerShell script present in the folder) for each of the three repositories I analysed. The PowerShell script I used for automating the run of bandit for collecting data from the repositories, and the Python scripts I used for further analysis are present in the main folder. analyze_bandit reads the bandit reports for a repository (to be run within that repo folder) and generates timeline_data.json and cwe_counts.json for that repository. generate_visualisations.py and cwe_graph_generation.py generate graphs for better visualisation of the observations.
